== README
Public URL: http://centurion-travel-blogs.herokuapp.com
Master Account: root@example.com
Master Password: foo

Welcome to Centurion Travel Blogs! This Web App is targeted for a traveler who wants to document his/her adventures.
Once you navigate to the home page, you have a few options. The casual browser can click on the Events tab to view
other Users' travels. Events are supposed to be individual trips, and they are listed in alphabetical order. You can
search for a particular trip by using the Search box. Once an Event has been selected, all the Notes and Images for
the Event will be listed in chronological order. The Activities that took place at the Event are also listed on the
page. The casual browser can also click on the Activities tab to view a list of all activities that have taken place.
You can select a particular Activity to see whether it exists in multiple Events. To enable further functionality of
the App, you must sign up / sign in. To sign up, click on the Sign Up link, and fill out your email address, password,
and name. None of the fields can be blank, and the email address must contain the "@" symbol. Once you have successfully
signed up, click on the Sign In link and enter your email address and password. You can now access another tab called
Profile that will list your personal details and Events. You can also delete your account from here. When you navigate
back to the Events tab, you will now see an option to Add an Event. For your personal Events, you can create Notes,
post your own Images, and add new Event Activities. You can also add comments for any Notes/Images on any Event. You
are allowed to delete anything that you have created, but you may not delete other Users' posts. Finally, you can sign
out of your account and redirect to the home page. We hope that this becomes your new favorite App for blogging all
of your adventure travels!

Detailed Ruby on Rails functionality implemented:
    - 7 database-backed models (6 Domain, 1 User)
    - Golden Seven rules applied
    - Fully RESTful resource (Event)
    - Secure password based signup/signin/signout functionality
    - Common site navigation throughout
    - Database seeds file included
    - Nested Resources: regular (notes, images), shallow (activities)
    - Concerns (commentable)
    - One-to-Many and Many-to-Many Associations
    - Rails helper methods for Views
    - Bootstrap CSS used throughout
    - Additional CSS formatting applied (custom.css, scaffolds.css.scss)
    - Model Validation (errors displayed on screen)
    - Authentication (bcrpyt 1-way password encryption, session-based)
    - Authorization (before_action on all necessary controllers)
    - Model Callback (Event Activity)
    - SQL Injection Attack Protection (for Event/Activity searches)
    - Deployed to Public URL through Heroku (Changed to Postgres DB)
    - Database Query Limits (Event, Activity)
    - Pagination functionality using Kaminari

Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
